< United States (2) >

Upon Kang Woojin's firm response through the phone.

"PD, I'll take the role of 'Jang Yeonwoo'."

Writer Choi Nana covered her mouth with both hands and abruptly stood up from her seat. Her eyes widened in disbelief.

"······Ah."

It was out of sheer emotion. Of course, the production manager and the caddie also froze in place. It wasn't panic or absurdity. It was closer to a pleasant shock. And even exhilaration. The impact was doubled when hearing it directly from Kang Woojin himself, rather than through hearsay.

And then.

"Really? Woojin, you'll do it?"

With a beard hanging over his mouth, PD Song Manwoo went through heaven and hell in a brief moment. The bad thoughts he had just a while ago flew away at the news that Kang Woojin would take the role.

'Kang Totem, so reassuring.'

Even the drama heavyweight PD Song Manwoo was no different from a believer in front of the Kang Totem. Whatever it was, Woojin's low voice continued from the other side of the phone.

"Yes, PD. I found the script interesting and I like the character 'Jang Yeonwoo'. I'll do it."

"Ha ha, that's great. I'm thankful."

"Ah, by any chance, is there an overlap with another actor?"

"No way! We haven't sent the script to anyone else but you, Woojin."

The word 'anxiously waiting' came to mind, but PD Song Manwoo held back.

"Woojin, you'll be the first actor for 'Beneficial Evil'."

"Understood."

"Now we need to cast around you, Woojin, ha ha ha. But first, I'll brag to Writer Park."

PD Song Manwoo, who had been joking around, suddenly changed the topic as something flashed in his mind.

"Ah, but Woojin."

"Yes."

"That- you've considered your full schedule before deciding, right? I'm sure you know, but there will be martial arts training involved. The movements will be a bit complex. Since there's a significant portion of action."

"Yes."

"Will you be okay?"

For a moment, everyone in the production office, including PD Song Manwoo, looked down at their phones. Their expressions were serious. On the other hand, Woojin's voice coming from the phone was calm as ever.

"What are you talking about?"

Was he the right choice after all? PD Song Manwoo smiled. It was a needless worry. Martial arts were probably not even a concern for Kang Woojin.

"No, it's nothing. Okay, the main male lead for 'Beneficial Evil' is confirmed as Woojin. Ah, there will be a simple test related to martial arts before the script reading later on."

"Is that so?"

"Yes. It's nothing difficult, just the usual thing action films do, where the martial arts director checks the actor's form. To see if you're flexible or stiff."

After a brief response from Woojin that he understood, the person on the other side of the phone changed. It was the voice of Choi Seonggeon.

"Hello, PD. This is Choi Seonggeon."

"Ah, CEO Choi."

"Uh- I'll be leaving for the U.S. tomorrow and will be back in about a week, so I'll contact you then. Let's talk about the details at that meeting."

"Alright, got it."

"Take care!"

"You too, CEO Choi."

-Click.

As soon as the call ended, the caddie, like Writer Choi Nana, abruptly stood up. However, it was out of passion for work rather than cheer.

"PD, I'm going to distribute the script for Casting Board A right away!! With Kang Woojin confirmed, everything will proceed smoothly!!"

"Okay, okay!"

The production manager also followed the caddie, phone in hand.

"I'll contact the key staff and schedule the next production meeting! The key staff will be thrilled, right?? Ah, I'll also start preparing the contract!"

Soon, the two disappeared from the production office, and Writer Choi Nana, still in disbelief, managed to sit down.

"······Amazing. I never thought Woojin would actually do it."

PD Song Manwoo's smile deepened.

"Now, Writer Choi, all you need to do is write the script."

"Thank you! It really feels like it's all thanks to you, PD!"

"What are you talking about, it's because the script is good."

"Ah! But what did CEO Choi mean by 'the details'?"

"It means that Woojin verbally confirmed he'll play 'Jang Yeonwoo', and while he's handling his schedule in the U.S., we should prepare a build-up for him."

"What??"

"It's confirmed he'll appear, but not officially. The formal contract is still pending. That's where we'll negotiate the deal."

PD Song Manwoo shrugged as if it were obvious.

"Things like his price or options."

Meanwhile, at the same time. Inside Kang Woojin's van.

Having just finished the call with PD Song Manwoo, Woojin was on the move. The cold weather was apparent from his full makeup and long coat. However, he planned to leave work a bit early today. He had to meet with the 'Our Dining Table' team early in the morning and head to the airport.

'Time flies.'

Although his face was indifferent, Kang Woojin's heart began to race as he looked out the window. Then, suddenly struck by an idea and wanting to hide his heartbeat, he picked up one of the scripts piled around him.

-'Beneficial Evil'

It was the script for episode 1 of 'Beneficial Evil', the drama he had just confirmed his participation in. However, Woojin didn't open the script. He simply poked the black square attached to the side of the script in secret.

Kang Woojin entered the subspace in an instant.

Turning around after confirming the endless darkness, his destination was the place lined with white squares. Among them, he checked the newly updated 'Beneficial Evil'.

'Was it S+ when I first received it?'

But the situation had changed. Now, he was the lead actor. Naturally, the rating for 'Beneficial Evil' would have changed as well. It had always been that way. With that slight expectation, Woojin looked at the white square of 'Beneficial Evil'.

And then.

"Wow- that's awesome."

He smiled a pure smile, free from any pretense. The rating for 'Beneficial Evil' had achieved.

-[9/Script (Title: Beneficial Evil), SS Grade]

The current highest rating in the subspace.

Back to reality.

As the year-end approached, the domestic entertainment industry became insanely busy, truly rich with issues. Although it was always hectic around this time of year, this year seemed several times more boisterous.

『[Entertainment] The atmosphere of the year-end is in full swing... From broadcasting to the film industry, various award ceremonies are in preparation, what will happen this year?』

The entertainment industry was mixed with eye-catching issues from various sectors.

Of course, the film industry.

『[Official] Director Ahn Gabok announces the title of his 100th film in an interview with the media "The title is 'Leech'』

『Director Ahn Gabok's ambitious work 'Leech', targeting Cannes, 'Shim Hanho' is not yet confirmed... Many top actors are interested↑』

『The script for 'Leech' is out, Director Ahn Gabok "I've already given the script to two actors"』

And even the variety show industry.

『Yoon PD's 'Our Dining Table' team leaves for the U.S. tomorrow/ Photo』

『[Issue IS] 'Hwarin' expected to drop out of 'Our Dining Table'... Agency says "No problem with schedule management"』

There was an abundance of news to see, tear apart, chew on, and enjoy. Among them, the hottest issue was undoubtedly Hwarin's incident. The media and public opinion endlessly added fuel to the fire. Not only that, but famous influencers, fellow celebrities mentioning Hwarin on SNS, and even big YouTubers and streamers covered the assault incident.

The firepower was tremendous due to the most provocative incident.

And the one who poured gasoline on it was, absurdly, the stalker who had attacked. The interview he had with the media during the investigation was exposed to the world.

[“Why did you attack Hwarin?!”]

[“······I wanted to punish her. I didn't really intend to stab her. Hwarin was too promiscuous. But I didn't expect to be interrupted. Suddenly that guy shielded Hwarin······damn, I should have thought it through more before attacking.”]

Although his face was covered with a hood and he was handcuffed, the stalker showed no sign of remorse.

『[Breaking News] Stalker who attacked 'Hwarin' says "I punished her because she was too promiscuous"』

This caused the public to draw their bows of outrage even tighter.

-Wow, I want to beat the crap out of him!!!!!!!!

-That bastard doesn't even deserve prison food, just execute himㄱㄱㄱ

-Promiscuous my assㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ, oh wait, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I