You will be translating a text while maintaining consistency with previously translated related
texts.

First, carefully read the previously translated texts to understand the context:

Text 302:

The Champions League Finals.

For the first time, South Korea makes it to the finals.

And the United States, a constant presence in almost every Champions League final.

Many people thought that the USA, being superior in strength, would win this time too.

But there was one variable.

-Is there no way to lift Seong Jihan’s bans just three times?

-We had bad luck in the previous games, it’s time for some good fortune.

-If Seong Jihan plays, we will definitely win!

Player Seong Jihan, ranked No.1.

Though he only played in one game due to bans in the tournament, he was undisputedly the core pillar of the South Korean team.

A player recognized by everyone as guaranteeing a 100% loss for the USA team if he were to play.

Thus, BattleNet fans of all ages believed that the USA would definitely plan to ban Seong Jihan.

But then.

=What’s happening? Why aren’t they using the ban card on Seong?!

=What is the coach thinking? Isn’t it basic to ban Seong Jihan in all 1-5 games?!

=Instead, they choose to ban two players in the top 10…

=Ah, Seong Jihan. He isn’t caught in the ban! The Sword King of Korea takes his place.

=Coach, what are you doing?!

The US commentators raised their voices, criticizing the coach’s incomprehensible decision.

-What? Why no ban?

-Wow, this is great LOL. Can we enjoy the 1st game without stress?

However, the joy of the Korean fans was short-lived.

-But… it always seems a constellation emerges whenever Seong Jihan isn’t banned --

-Right? Think about the Russia and Taiwan games…

-Still, we ended up winning those games LOL

-Seriously can’t be at ease until we see how the game unfolds.

When Seong Jihan wasn’t banned, constellations would always pop up and drag the game in strange directions.

Nervously, everyone watched the game’s progress.

=The 1st game map is chosen as ‘Lone Bridge’!

=A map where two sides clash over a bridge. Given its short length, the warrior’s strength is most crucial… and just when Seong Jihan’s ban was lifted!

=Truthfully, regardless of whether the map was short or large, facing Seong Jihan would always be difficult… but this does not look good. Why would the coach let him free?

=Is there a hidden card up their sleeve against Seong Jihan?

=Let’s hope so!

With Seong Jihan’s ban lifted and the map selection seemingly favoring Korea, the 1st game started off positively for Korea.

However, the national team players remained tense despite the situation.

‘They wouldn’t just let Seong Jihan play without reason.’

‘There must be something they’ve prepared.’

‘Another constellation perhaps?’

Assuming the opponent’s choice had a reliable plan behind it.

Similarly, Seong Jihan thought,

‘Did Gilgamesh interfere somehow?’

Preparing for any possibility as he was summoned onto The Lone Bridge.

Pulling together all his power, not just his own.

“Sophia, can you buff me right away?”

“Of course!”

With the divine buff from Sophia and his own strength at its peak, he looked across the bridge.

‘No need to approach, I’ll annihilate them from afar.’

Suspecting Gilgamesh’s scheme within the US camp.

There was no reason to play into their hands.

The most crucial thing for Seong Jihan now was winning this game.

‘Though he said it was for humanity, he tried to brainwash, not convince me.’

Constellation Gilgamesh.

While he had a fundamentally friendly stance towards Seong Jihan,

It felt more like being treated as a useful pawn rather than a collaborator.

Even if opposed to the Martial Gods, it did not necessarily make him an ally.

‘Going all out from the start.’

Seong Jihan took out the Phoenix Flag and threw it into the sky.

The spear, mixing the power of fire and lightning, disappeared into the heavens and then,

Krrr…!

Ripped a huge hole in the blue sky.

=Ah, is that Seong’s Phoenix Spear…?!

=It was so reliable in the Space League, but to be on the receiving end is terrifying!

=The hole seems bigger than before!

=But there must be a way to counter it, right? They lifted Seong’s ban for this!

Broadcasted repeatedly through broadcasts, the Celestial Judgment, nicknamed 'Phoenix Spear’ abroad, was the most visually memorable skill of Seong Jihan.

Though everyone expected the massive fissure to soon unleash a lightning spear,

=Uh……

=Flames are spreading in the sky……?

Seong Jihan’s full-powered skill wasn’t the Celestial Judgment.

Whoosh!

The edge of the huge circular hole pierced by the spear was engulfed in flames, and

The sky filled with white flames in an instant.

Then, red lightning bloomed above it.

The concentrated thermal energy of the sun focused on the fissure.

Fundamental, Divine Dragon Decree - Celestial Dragon Thunder Fire

The sky crumbles, bringing down intense flames like lightning bolts.

The target was the US team’s camp.

No, the entire terrain across the bridge.

=Is, is this… Dragon Breath?

=Team USA! You have to block it!

The US commentators screamed for the team to counter, but

No matter how strong the world’s best team was, there was no stopping that fire.

Flash!

The world across the bridge, turned white in an instant, filled with white light.

Red lightning streaked through, and then,

Whoosh!

The sturdy ‘Lone Bridge’ that connected the two lands was also quickly engulfed in flames.

Then it turned to dust and vanished.

The Korean team across simply watched in awe.

“Wow…”

“The bridge is burning…”

“Wasn’t this bridge unbreakable no matter how hard you hit it?”

“Is the bridge the issue? Look at the land over there.”

“…The ground itself has collapsed?”

The cliff on the other side where the US team based their camp.

It was already being erased by the white flames.

Everyone knew Seong Jihan was strong, but

Could the game terrain be eradicated like that?

“What… did you do, Uncle?”

Yoon Seah, who was pulling her bowstring ready to fight vigorously with Sophia’s buff,

Stared dumbfounded at Seong Jihan as the enemy lines vanished before their eyes.

She had indeed grown mightily, facing accusations of cheating,

But there was always someone flying above those running.

Seong Jihan’s power was growing leaps and bounds every time she saw him.

“I just swept them away before they could do anything funny on that side.”

“Even against Team USA… that’s possible.”

“Used my power to its fullest with a buff.”

Celestial Dragon Thunder Fire,

Recalling the sensation of being hit by the ‘First Breath’ of the Dragon Lord, this improved version of the Celestial Judgment was completed.

It had fulfilled all conditions except the last piece of the puzzle until now.

But,

‘Collecting videos in BattleNet was a help.’

Collecting videos indiscriminately for the Heterogeneous Martial Resolve class,

There were experiences of dragon-kind and their kin.

Understanding how they wielded their strength,

Seong Jihan surpassed Celestial Judgment, eventually harnessing the Dragon Lord’s power.

‘It’s a problem that there’s no energy left after using it due to the lack of stats.’

Celestial Dragon Thunder Fire relied on the enemy’s power as its core, leaving Seong Jihan energy-drained.

In the current state, he’d need to avoid fights until his energy recuperated.

However,

The US team wasn’t such a formidable foe.

[The enemy has been annihilated.]

[The 1st game concludes.]

With more than half of the opposing cliff terrain deleted.

No survivors existed within it.

* * *
=This can’t be……,

=What in the world is that?!

=This is why you shouldn’t have let Seong play…!

The 1st game ending as soon as it started.

The US commentators were aghast at Seong Jihan’s new technique, lamenting the coach’s choice for the 1st game.

But that was just the beginning.

=Ah, are you letting him play again without a ban?

=Has the coach lost his mind?

=F**!! What the hell are they doing?

Despite no ban on Seong Jihan in the 2nd game,

An irate caster couldn’t hold back and cursed live, shocking the world.

-Crazy, the US commentary losing it and dropping F bombs LOL

-That’s how frustrated they are LOL

-Seong Jihan is just too strong.

-That attack was like Dragon Breath, wasn’t it?

-Yep, even stronger than a dragon’s breath.

-Erasing the game map LOL

Seong Jihan’s Celestial Dragon Thunder Fire.

Witnessing its overwhelming power, Korean viewers were exhilarated, acknowledging Seong Jihan’s might.

And as the ban on Seong Jihan was lifted again for the 2nd game,

Speculation began if this could be the first championship win.

On the other hand,

=But why isn’t the coach selecting the map?

=Has he gone mad? If you’re going to waste ban cards like that, why even be a coach?

=Shouldn’t the staff stop this? How can they just watch…!

The US commentators were fuming, questioning why the staff wasn’t intervening.

=Ah… Wait, what? The 3rd game. Are they banning?

=Coach. Have you finally come to your senses!?

=We, with just Seong Jihan banned, there’s a chance!

From the 3rd game onwards, the US team’s strategy seemed to normalize.

Banning the overwhelming player, Seong Jihan,

And competing fairly among Earth’s players was a strategy even a 7-year-old would know.

=But why… aren’t they selecting the map?

=It’s okay! At least they banned Seong Jihan!

=Hmm… Are they saving their map select for the 5th game, thinking they’re World Tree Elves?

=Ah, could be! Don’t know why they’d do that though!

Entering the 3rd game, the US team.

Displayed a completely different demeanor from the 1st and 2nd games.

The game was thoroughly dominated by the US from start to finish.

=USA… secures the victory!

=The game starts from the 3rd match. We can turn it around from here!

=If Seong Jihan is banned in the 4th game… It’ll come down to a 50% chance in the 5th!

And the 4th game proceeded as the US commentators hoped.

Seong Jihan was banned, and

The US team overpowered Team Korea.

Continuing their momentum from the 3rd game, the 4th game was also a crushing victory for the US.

-US is damn strong…

-I guess it’s tough without Seong Jihan --

-True, getting here was a miracle.

-Sword King’s movement in the 4th was disappointing… too aggressive…

-Ah, so it comes down to the 5th game. It’s all about luck now?

-Will the final game be decided by mere chance?

At a 2:2 score, Korea and the USA approached the final game.

Everyone expected Seong Jihan would be banned again.

But,

=Coach!! Why! Why aren’t you banning him again!!

=Have you really lost your mind?!

The US coach did not ban Seong Jihan in the last moment.

“What?”

“Why are they doing this, really?”

The Korean team couldn’t fathom the opponent’s strategy.

While everyone was perplexed,

=Oh, but the coach is suddenly gathering select cards to designate a map…!

=As if he had been waiting, he chooses a map!

=The map name is… ‘Tuseong’…

The US coach definitively selected the game map ‘Tuseong’.

Text 301:

[South Korea, Into the Finals!]

[The Sword King, who gained the Mage class, becomes the hero leading South Korea to the final match.]

[The weakness of the South Korean team vanishes, now facing the USA in the final showdown.]

-Wow, never thought I’d see our country make it to the finals in my lifetime…

-Exactly. Even with Seong Jihan, I thought it’d be tough to win past the semi-finals if he gets banned…

-Except for the loss to England, we’ve won every match LOL

-If we beat the USA with a 3:0, does that make England the second strongest in the world?

-How do we beat the USA 3:0 though -_-; Let’s not count our chickens before they hatch.

The South Korean team, excluding the match against England, crushed their way to the finals with a consistent 3:0 victory in each match.

However, the USA, their final opponent, was a formidable force from another dimension.

-The interface and language of BattleNet are all in English because of the US, LOL

-We managed to win without Seong Jihan against India, but the USA is a different story…

-Hope Sophia, our supporter hope, wasn’t also scouted from the US?

-Nope, she couldn’t make it due to her level. If she did join their supporter ranks, she’d be top 3.

-TOP3… it means the USA has at least three Sophia's, damn.

After beating China 3:1 in the semi-finals, the USA’s sheer power overshadowed Korea’s.

Objectively, the USA’s overall strength heavily outweighed Korea’s, aside from their warrior lineup and the bolstered archer squad with Yoon Seah’s addition.

And even with these classes, it wasn’t a guarantee they could beat the USA.

The mage and supporter classes were noticeably weaker by comparison.

Experts predicted a gallant fight from Korea but an eventual win for the USA.

However, the finals could bring an unforeseen variable.

-If only Seong Jihan doesn’t get banned…

-We might actually have a shot at winning.

Indeed, Seong Jihan was the variable.

After displaying a vast gap between him and current humanity in the recent guild mission, his presence was akin to a cheat key that could disrupt the game.

-If we secure one game in the 1st or 2nd, and Seong Jihan only gets banned twice in games 3, 4, 5, we win.

-Ah, but he’s been banned too well up until now. Just one appearance against India in the 3rd match.

-All part of saving up for the final.

-For real, time for him to dodge bans like a boss and become the finals MVP LOL

Though Seong Jihan had only participated once up to the semi-finals, which actually might have been a stroke of luck for him to dodge bans in the final.

Contrastingly, the US fans hoped for his misfortune to continue just until the final match concludes.

-The… unfortunately, it seems Seong Jihan’s luck might be running out. Let’s hope it lasts till tomorrow.

-Right. After tomorrow, his luck can turn around. We still have the match against the World Tree Elves.

-If we win the first two matches and he gets banned just once, victory is ours.

-Even without Seong Jihan, Korea is a formidable team, but not enough to defeat us.

They wished for Seong Jihan’s streak of bad luck to carry over to the final match.

"Woah, the USA… They’re just too strong.”

In the BattleNet Center’s strategy room,

Yoon Seah sighed while watching the 4:3 match between the USA and China.

This much-anticipated match had the two nations pulling out all their stops, revealing hidden strategies and thrilling plays, justifying its pre-battle hype.

Although the final score was 3:1,

The gap in power displayed here was much larger than the score suggested.

"The second match was a loss because the US let its guard down.”

“That’s right. Mage Barren made a critical error. Without that, the US would’ve dominated 3:0.”

"Why does Barren, with his two status screens, make such mistakes… When will he break out of this slump?”

"Probably never.”

Seong Jihan commented while glancing at the replay.

Being nervous in crucial matches was Barren’s trademark.

"We really need Uncle to step up for the final match.”

"If the bans lift, I can definitely end it. But it’s uncertain how the finals will play out.”

"Time for that bad luck to break! We’re snagging at least one win.”

"Count on it.”

Seong Jihan nodded, gazing into the air, almost as if he saw the system messages floating there.

His expression seemed to be communicating silently with something unseen, reminding everyone of the times he’d the system messages in the past.

In the strategy room, as Yoon Sejin threw a question at Seong Jihan who was vigilantly monitoring USA’s gameplay,

“Brother-in-law, what are you looking at? Got another quest or something?”

"Ah, just browsing through the BattleNet market.”

"Market? Uncle, what are you shopping for?”

"Turns out, some aliens uploaded their training videos there.”

As he recalled the events of a few days ago,

* * *
Class: Heterogeneous Martial Resolve.

After deciding to utilize this class he’d switched to but hadn’t really used,

Seong Jihan, examining the effectiveness after employing the Myriad Ghost Sealing Gods against the former avatar of the Succubus Queen, pondered further usage.

-Considering the experience… Master, why not scour the BattleNet Market?

Suggested Ariel, who had been quietly resting on Seong Jihan’s arm after a long silence, offering a strategy.

-The Market sells that too?

-Punch in ‘video,’ and you’ll find a crate-load. Granted, most of it is junk… if you’re curious about how different races wield their power, you might find it somewhat vicarious.

Thus, Seong Jihan ventured into the ‘video’ section of the BattleNet Market.

As Ariel hinted, the keywords unearthed all manner of content.

“Ah, so that’s why you’ve been staring into space lately. Alien training videos… Useful?”

“Mostly, the market’s content is 95% garbage. Half of that is alien mating footage.”

“Ma, mating?”

“Yes. I fail to grasp why these aliens broadcast their reproductive acts. And the number of egg-laying scenes…”

Remembering the discarded videos, Seong Jihan scrunched his brow.

While pondering the alien’s diverse power use, he again questioned the universe’s perversion.

“1GP videos were exclusively of that variety.”

“Th, that so? Then… the remaining 5%?”

“Those had some utility.”

Alien training videos proved to be pearls amidst the mud for Seong Jihan.

While mostly surface-level due to their publicly shared nature, lacking in-depth training methods,

‘The sheer foreignness of alien power application was a fresh jolt.’

Barred from participating due to bans, Seong Jihan dug through the market, making use of Class: Heterogeneous Martial Resolve.

“I wonder if I’d find any training videos useful too?”

“Hard to say; it benefited me due to class effects, but to others, it may offer nothing. Sensations like manipulating wings or detaching one’s tail to escape… won’t inspire ordinary players.”

“Ah, those kinds it is…”

“Curious? I can show you one.”

“Sure, let me see.”

“Why not, me too?”

Seong Jihan nodded, pulling out an alien training video for the curious duo.

“How do we play this?”

“Touch it and say ‘play,’ and it’ll project almost like VR.”

“Ooh… BattleNet’s innovations.”

Toggling the object, not unlike a wizard’s crystal ball, the pair exclaimed, “Play,” in a setup that resembled VR viewing.

“…Learning to fly further? What’s with the wing movements?”

“Navigating breath fire seems utterly non-applicable…”

Shortly after starting, they returned the device, baffled by the incomprehensible content.

Even for these two, peaking in their respective classes, Warrior and Archer, the videos offered little takeaway.

‘Without Heterogeneous Martial Resolve, these count as junk after all. It’s like a VR documentary for different species.’

To an average player, buying such content was akin to tossing money into the wind.

However, for Seong Jihan, possessing Heterogeneous Martial Resolve, these videos were proving quite beneficial.

‘Already gained 5 more Martial Souls from watching.’

With spare time, given his bans, the gain was significant.

Resolving to keep diving into alien videos while he had the chance, Seong Jihan dived back into the BattleNet Market.

That moment,

“Brother-in-law, can we talk outside for a bit?”

Yoon Sejin, who had been with him in the strategy room, signaled they move.

Suggesting the rooftop with a gesture, Seong Jihan agreed, closing the BattleNet Market.

***
On the rooftop of the BattleNet Center,

“It’s a nice day.”

Yoon Sejin launched their small talk by gazing skyward,

‘The gold is deepening.’

The golden aura in Yoon Sejin’s eyes, intensifying as the tournament progressed, was shining its brightest yet.

“The King of Humans asked if you found his help useful.”

“Reaching the finals owed much to brother-in-law’s assistance. Tell him it was greatly beneficial.”

“Good to hear… Well then.”

Suddenly, Yoon Sejin’s eyes burst with light.

A protective shield formed around them, isolating both from the outside world.

“Since he aided you, may I ask a question.”

“About Gilgamesh?”

“That’s right.”

“What’s your question?”

“What’s your quest reward?”

Yoon Sejin, incarnated by Gilgamesh, bypassed all formalities straight to the matter at hand.

Seong Jihan chuckled at the unexpected focus on quest rewards.

“Didn’t expect you’d be interested in something so trivial.”

“A guild fight’s victory rewarding a quest is unheard of.”

“Is it? It does give me one, though.”

“And the reward? Regardless of what you get, just know.”

Gilgamesh, through Yoon Sejin, finally posed the main question.

“In case the reward fixes you as a candidate for the Constellation Candidate… I advise not clearing it now.”

“Why? You told me to remain a variable.”

As Seong Jihan recalled Gilgamesh’s previous advice, hoping to stay an unpredictable element in their plans.

-Gilgamesh aimed for Seong Jihan to remain an unpredictable factor, potentially delaying his Constellation candidacy, directing attention away from him.

Recalling their prior conversations, Seong Jihan challenged him back.

“To truly become the variable you wish, you need to survive Longinus’s attack first. Only by defeating him will you truly become a threat. ‘Awakening the third’ depends on it.”

With earnest in his gaze, Gilgamesh stressed Seong Jihan’s imperative survival and ultimate defiance against the Constellations.
.
And as Gilgamesh clasped his eyes with such conviction,

“In humanity’s name… For a grand cause, indeed.”

Seong Jihan found within himself the power to oppose even the king’s commanding words.

“Unless you convince me, I cannot follow.”

Seeing Seong Jihan resist the ‘King Of Humans,’ Gilgamesh appeared shocked before chuckling.

“…Impressive, to fully defy my words. Very well, that makes you a true ‘variable.’”

Despite the defiance.

“If this leads astray… I must intervene. This victory, I cannot allow.”

Gilgamesh solemnly declared, holding authority until the last moment.

* * *

The next day.

=The first bans selection for Game 1 begins…!

=Oh… The US has chosen not to ban Seong Jihan for this round….

From Game 1 of the finals, an unexpected development unfolded.

Next, here is the current text to translate:

Text 303:

<2레벨로 회귀한 무신 303화>
=투성…… 처음 보는 맵이군요. 감독, 이 맵을 선택하기 위해, 성지한을 일부러 밴하지 않은 것입니까?
=맵 분류는 던전입니다. 모든 클래스가 참전할 수 있으며, 참여 인원은 50명입니다. 맵 조건만 보면, 딱히 미국 대표팀이 성지한에게 유리한 이점을 가질 것 같지는 않군요.
=하지만, 생각이…… 있으니 이런 선택을 한 거겠죠? 그러길 빕니다. 진심으로.
5경기 맵 투성.
던전으로 분류된 이 맵은, 일반 시청자들은 물론이거니와 배틀넷 전문가들에게도 미지의 맵이었다.
“투성…….”
“뭐지, 저 맵은?”
“저거 때문에 일부러 성지한 님 밴 안 한 건가?”
대표팀 플레이어들은 새로 뜬 맵 이름 ‘투성’을 보며, 이것에 의문을 품었지만.
‘……설마 저거, 무신의 별, 투성인가?’
성지한은 놀라운 눈으로 5게임 맵 이름을 바라보았다.
길가메시가 어떻게든 연관이 되어 있을 거라곤 짐작했지만, 투성을 게임 맵으로 설정했을 줄은 생각도 하지 못했다.
“죄송합니다, 성지한 님. 전력 분석실에서도 급하게 투성에 대해 찾아보았지만, 데이터가 존재하지 않았습니다.”
“괜찮습니다. 미국의 히든카드인데, 그런 게 있을 것 같진 않았으니까요.”
“뭐, 저쪽에서 무슨 의도가 있는진 모르겠지만, 삼촌이 나서는데 결국엔 이기겠지~”
윤세아는 그렇게 태평하게 말하면서, 배틀넷 커넥터로 들어갔다.
“가겠나? 처남.”
그리고 윤세진도 그런 딸의 모습을 보다가, 성지한을 향해 안광을 빛냈다.
예전에 길가메시가 강림했을 때와 비슷할 정도로 반짝이는 금색의 빛.
성지한은 그걸 보고 피식 웃었다.
“훗, 가겠냐니요. 안 가는 선택지도 있습니까?”
“성좌께서는…… 꺼림칙하다면 굳이 출전하지 않아도 된다고 말씀하셨거든.”
“저기에 뭔가 있긴 한가 봅니다.”
“글쎄…… 후원받는 자로선 감히 그분의 뜻을 읽을 수 없지. 읽어서도 안 되고.”
성좌 ‘태초의 왕’에게 공손한 태도를 취하는 윤세진.
어째 5경기에 들어가면, 그에게도 경계를 늦추면 안 될 것 같았다.
‘투성…… 맵 이름부터 꺼림칙하긴 하지만, 안 가면 패배 확정이다.’
그렇게 되면, 우승을 하지 못하게 되니 길가메시의 뜻에 굴복하게 되는 셈.
성지한은 그와 부딪치지도 않은 상태로, 그러고 싶지는 않았다.
“가죠.”
“그래, 내, 열심히 처남을 보좌하겠네.”
“참, 든든합니다.”
성지한은 ‘보좌’를 강조하는 윤세진을 보고 피식 웃고는.
배틀넷 커넥터에 들어갔다.
그리고.
“……결국 들어갔군.”
성지한이 들어가는 걸 보는 윤세진의 눈에.
황금의 안광이, 번쩍하고 빛났다.
*   *   *
[던전 맵, ‘투성’에 진입합니다.]
[하늘과 땅을 잇는 황금탑의 끝까지 올라가세요.]
[태초의 보물을 먼저 차지하는 쪽이 승리합니다.]
지이이잉!
투성으로 소환된 50명의 한국 플레이어.
그들은 주변을 둘러보았다.
“여긴…… 건물 안인가? 벽면 봐라. 죄다 황금이네.”
“메시지만 보면…… 탑을 끝까지 등반하는 건가?”
“맵 이름이 왜 투성인지를 모르겠네. 그냥 황금탑이라고 해도 되는 거 아닌가.”
탑이라고 하기엔, 거대한 내부의 공간.
이 안의 벽면과 천장, 바닥은 모두 반짝거리는 황금이 존재감을 뽐내고 있었다.
여기 소환된 플레이어들이 국가대표들이라, 다들 이 정도 금에도 감탄 정도만 하고 말았지.
-와…… 금 번쩍거리는 거 봐라 ㄷㄷ
-그냥 건물 자체가 보물덩어리인데?
-저거 다 긁으면 떼부자 됨?
-게임 속 금 가져와 봤자 쓸모없지 않나 ㅋㅋㅋ GP로 환산되면 모를까.
-이게 챔스 5경기가 아니었으면 국가대표 선수들이라고 해도 한 번 바닥 긁어 봤을 듯.
시청자들은 황금탑 안의 광경을 보면서, 흥분한 상태였다.
화려하기 짝이 없는 탑 안.
성지한은 이 광경을 물끄러미 지켜보더니.
“탑 끝까지라…….”
스윽.
가볍게 주먹을 벽에 뻗었다.
쾅!
그러자, 그대로 꿰뚫리는 벽면.
“사, 삼촌? 뭐 해?”
“뭐 하러 계단으로 가냐. 밖에서 날아가면 되지.”
“아. 그, 그런가?”
“어. 갔다 와 볼게요.”
성지한은 그렇게 커진 균열 쪽으로 걸음을 옮겼으나.
스르르륵……!
뚫린 벽면에서, 황금의 사슬이 튀어나오며 이를 순식간에 메웠다.
허튼짓하지 말고, 얌전히 계단을 통해 올라가라는 의지가 느껴지자.
성지한이 입꼬리를 올렸다.
“어디.”
화르르륵!
그의 손에서 불길이 피어오르고, 황금의 사슬이 그대로 맞닿았다.
스탯 적의 힘이 들어간 막강한 화력.
그것은 원래라면 이 탑의 벽 전체를 불태워도 될 만한 힘을 지니고 있었지만.
꿈틀. 꿈틀…….
마치 혈관이 박동하듯, 사슬이 움직이자.
황금의 벽은 더 사라지기는커녕, 오히려 원래의 모습을 회복했다.
“어? 벽이…….”
“으, 여간 단단한 게 아닌 거 같네.”
성지한의 막강한 힘도 막아 내는 사슬.
한국 플레이어들은 그 모습을 보고는, 시선을 탑 안쪽으로 돌렸다.
아무리 성지한이라도 초월적인 힘으로 혼자 탑 꼭대기 올라가는 건 불가능해 보이니.
얌전히 계단을 통해 올라가야 할 것 같았다.
‘소멸 코드, 멸을 여기 작성하면 벽면이 부서지겠다만.’
소멸 코드 멸.
스탯 적을 얻고 난 이후, 완성한 하나의 글자는.
세상에서 대상을 완전히 삭제하는 기능을 지니고 있었다.
오죽하면 공허의 수련장에는, 그가 처음 소멸 코드 멸을 작성했던 자리가 아직도 검은색으로 물들어 있었으니까.
하지만.
‘멸 한 글자 쓰면, 한동안은 무방비 상태가 된다.’
스탯 적을 비롯하여, 무혼과 공허의 기운을 모조리 쏟아부어야 가능한 소멸 코드 작성.
그걸 여기서 바로 쓰기란, 아무래도 위험부담이 있었다.
“일단 계단으로 가 보죠.”
“네!”
소멸 코드는 상황이 정말 안 좋았을 때만 써 보기로 하며.
성지한은 일행을 이끌고 계단을 올랐다.
그리고.
“가, 강철 거인이다……!?”
“전투 준비를!”
거대한 2층의 공동에는.
강철의 거인 수십 기가, 한국 대표팀을 위에서 아래로 내려다보고 있었다.
‘엔키두인가.’
길가메시에게서 배웠던, 천수강신의 변형 엔키두.
신의 육체라 신살의 창이 먼저 타깃팅할 거라고 알려 줬던 그 강철 거인은.
겉보기에도 강렬한 기세를 내뿜고 있었다.
성지한은 엔키두를 그저 창을 대신 맞아줄 더미 역할로만 소환해 봤지만.
이걸 공격적으로 운용하면, 얼마든지 상대를 압살할 소환수 역할을 해 줄 것 같았다.
그리고.
스으윽.
강철 거인 무리가 일제히 손을 들자.
“오, 온다……!”
“보호 마법부터!”
대표팀은 긴장한 채, 이에 대항하려 했지만.
슈우우웅!
강철 거인의 손 위에 황금빛이 반짝이더니, 거대한 과일이 모습을 드러냈다.
“…….”
“뭐야 저거.”
그리고.
[왕의 하사품이다.]
강철 거인에게서 일제히 음성이 들리더니.
툭. 투툭…….
그들은 손 위의 황금 과일을, 한국 대표팀 앞에 산더미처럼 쌓아 놓았다.
*   *   *
[왕에게 경의를 표하고, 과육을 섭취하라. 그자만이 올라갈 수 있다.]
대표팀의 눈앞에 쌓인 과일.
종류는 다양했지만, 한 가지 공통점은 있었다.
모두가 황금색이라는 것.
사과도 딸기도, 포도도 모두 겉은 황금으로 번쩍거려서.
먹음직스럽다기보다는 하나하나가 보물 같았다.
-아니 여긴 뭔 죄다 황금이냐 ㅋㅋㅋㅋ
-ㄴㄴ 거인은 그래도 강철임
-저거 근데 먹을 순 있나? 황금의 예술품 씹는 거 아님?
-근데 자꾸 보니까 사과 맛있어 보이긴 해
-ㄹㅇ 뭔가 꺼림직하지만 군침 도네…….
하나 처음엔 보물 같아도.
자꾸 보다 보니까, 과일은 화면으로만 간접적으로 보는 시청자들도 군침을 돌게 만들었다.
그리고 실제로 이를 눈앞에 둔 플레이어들은, 이런 욕구가 더했다.
“이거 먹고 올라가라는 거, 너무 함정 같지 않아?”
“그니까, 으…… 근데 독사과라고 해도 먹어 보곤 싶다.”
“향 죽이네…….”
“제, 제가 먹고 한번 실험해 보겠습니다! 큐어 마법만 잘 걸어 주세요!”
과일의 유혹에 이기지 못하고 한 전사가 손을 번쩍 들었을 때.
“아니. 네가 먼저 먹어선 안 되지.”
“거, 검왕님…….”
윤세진이 입가에 미소를 짓고는, 앞으로 먼저 나섰다.
그는 산더미처럼 쌓여 있는 과일로 가.
털썩.
무릎을 꿇으며, 절까지 했다.
“태초의 왕께 경의를! 신, 감읍하여 은혜를 받들겠습니다!”
과일 앞에서 최대한의 경의를 표한 윤세진.
“아, 아빠…… 언제 신하가 됐어?”
“아니, 검왕님 왜 절까지 하셔…….”
“근데 태초의 왕이라 하셨는데?”
“요, 요즘 랭커들에게 전폭적으로 후원해 주는 성좌 아닌가 그거?”
사람들이 이를 보고 경악하는 사이.
윤세진은 감격에 떨리는 손으로 황금 사과 하나를 집고는, 그걸 바로 입으로 가져다 댔다.
와삭!
과일이 씹히자, 순식간에 진해지는 과일의 향.
“와, 냄새 미쳤네…….”
“아, 아빠! 괜찮아?! 그걸 그렇게 함부로 먹으면 어떻게 해?”
“괜찮아 세아야. 오히려, 체력이 1 올랐어!”
윤세아의 걱정 어린 외침에도.
윤세진은 오히려 엄지를 척 올리며, 기본 스탯 체력이 올랐다고 자랑을 했다.
그러자.
“스탯이…… 올라?”
“과일 먹었다고?”
“검왕님 별 이상도 없는 거 같은데…….”
플레이어의 눈빛이 달라졌다.
처음부터 황금 과일을 보자마자 먹고 싶었지만, 애써 참던 그들에게.
검왕이 스탯까지 올랐다고 하자, 참을성이 사라졌던 것이다.
“저, 저도 실험해 보겠습니다!”
“저도요! 그래, 독 감별해야죠!”
앞줄에 있던 전사들이 먼저 뛰어가고.
와삭와삭!
“와, 진짜 올랐어!”
“체, 체력이…… 이렇게 쉽게 올라?”
“와…… 개 맛있어…… 평생 이거만 먹고 싶다.”
과일 먹은 플레이어들이 실제로 스탯이 올랐다고 소리치자.
“나, 나도……!”
“아까부터 못 참겠는데. 능력치까지 올려 준다니……!”
“어차피 올라가려면 먹어야 하잖아!”
뒤편에 있는 플레이어들도 일제히 과일을 향해 달려갔다.
-아니, 이 미친놈들아. 딱 봐도 함정 같은데 왜 저렇게 달려가 ㅡㅡ
-아무리 스탯 올려 준다고 해도 국가대표급 선수들이 저렇게 정신줄 놓는 건 이해가 안 되는데?
-저 과일에 사람 홀리게 하는 게 있나…….
-검왕은 대체 뭐임? 절까지 하고 ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
-야, 미국도 장난 아니다. 저기도 태초의 왕한테 후원받는다는 사람들 죄다 절하고 난리도 아님 ㅋㅋㅋ
-미국인도 절하는 문화가 있음?
-뭔가 뻣뻣한데 예의는 나름 발라 보임.
시청자들로서는 도무지 이해가 되지 않는 플레이어들의 광기.
여기에 끼지 않는 선수들은, 정말로 극소수였다.
성지한은 과일을 향해 아귀처럼 달려드는 플레이어들에 합류하지 않고.
스으윽.
과일 하나를 둥둥 띄워, 자신의 손에 가져왔다.
‘이거, 세계수 연합의 대출 창구에서 보았던 과일과 느낌이 비슷하군.’
생명의 기운을 보충해 주었던 세계수의 과육.
엔키두가 떨어뜨린 과일에는, 그것보다는 열화되었지만.
나름대로 빼어난 생명의 힘이 느껴졌다.
와삭.
‘확실히 생명력 자체는 세계수의 과육이 뛰어나네.’
성지한이 황금 사과를 씹으며, 그렇게 과일을 품평하고 있을 때.
“사, 삼촌…… 괜찮아? 그거. 먹지 말지…….”
“세아, 넌 안 먹고 싶어?”
“엄마가 절대 먹지 말라고 극구 말려서…… 그러면서 아빠 욕 엄청 하고 있어. 여자에 이어서 다음엔 사이비냐고.”
이제는 환영을 본다고 이야기하지도 않는 건가.
성지한은 윤세진의 두 번째 엇나감에 성을 내는 누나 이야기를 들으며, 괜히 자기가 미안한 기분이 들었다.
성좌 ‘태초의 왕’의 후원이 들어왔을 때 이걸 말릴 걸 그랬어.
“지, 지한. 저희 성좌님도 급히 연락이 왔어요! 지한 보고 그냥 게임 포기하는 게 어떻겠냐고 물어보시는데요…….”
“그쪽 성좌도요?”
“네…… 여기는 성좌 ‘태초의 왕’이 투성에서 만들어 낸 거처…… 하늘과 땅을 잇는 기둥 에테멘앙키.”
“에테멘앙키?”
그렇게 말하면 내가 알 거라 생각한 건가.
피티아의 전언에 성지한이 미간을 찌푸렸을 때.
“아…… 여기! 바벨탑이래요……!”
피티아는, 소피아를 통해 탑의 이름을 밝혀 주었다.


Your task is to translate the current text in a way that maintains consistency with the style,
terminology and meaning conveyed in the previous translations. The translation should flow naturally
from the context, as if it is a continuation of the same work.

At the same time, take care to translate the current text precisely as written, without changing the
meaning. The goal is an exact translation of the current text that nonetheless fits consistently
within the larger context.