You will be translating a text while maintaining consistency with previously translated related
texts.

First, carefully read the previously translated texts to understand the context:

Text 292:

“I understand, Branch Manager.”

The elf who had approached Seong Jihan looked slightly surprised, then bowed his head to the masked elf.

‘A branch manager, huh.’

The Ancient Elf wearing that mask last time was a constellation-level enforcer. What level would the branch manager of the loan counter be?

‘Hard to tell exactly, but he doesn’t seem weaker than that Ancient Elf.’

The branch manager had a pleasant smile plastered on his face.

But seeing him wearing that mask that contained immense void energy, he didn’t seem like an easy opponent either.

After all, this was a place that handled loans for powerful players that ruled BattleNet. The person in charge here wouldn’t be weak.

“This way please, valued customer.”

Ziiing.

As the branch manager gestured, a green portal appeared.

“That portal… is it a VIP room?”

“You need to at least be a constellation to enter that.”

“Why is that species…”

“I’ve never seen the branch manager personally handle a consultation either.”

The surrounding players scrutinized Seong Jihan upon seeing the branch manager’s guidance, but-

“I have no idea.”

“He seems much weaker than me…”

“He’s not a constellation, right?”

“Still, he has a premium membership. He’s no ordinary player.”

With his power concealed and possessing a premium membership, they couldn’t determine Seong Jihan’s strength.

‘A VIP room… I suppressed my energy to an extent, but what did he glean from me?’

Shall I go and see.

Seong Jihan nodded and entered the portal.

What appeared was a vast space enclosed by brown walls on all sides.

“The previous customer was a tree giant race, so the space wasn’t ready. Please wait a moment.”

Clap. Clap.

As the branch manager clapped twice-

[The VIP room environment will be changed to match your race.]

This message appeared before Seong Jihan’s eyes.

Then-

Ziiing…

The interior transformed into a luxurious modern reception room.

“Now then… before starting the loan consultation, please provide the basic personal information required for the loan review.”

Sitting down, the branch manager grinned and opened his palm.

A message window popped up in front of Seong Jihan.

[The Green Administrator-operated ‘World Tree Union Loan Counter’ requests basic player information required for loan review.]

[Will you provide your basic personal information?]

Give my personal info to the World Tree Union?

That’s like entrusting a cat with fish.

Seong Jihan immediately pressed No and replied.

“I don’t want to give it.”

“Don’t worry. Although you are one of the World Tree Union’s targets, the loan counter will never leak your information.”

“…I’m a target?”

“Yes, you’re quite famous.”

Tap. Tap.

The branch manager smiled deeply and tapped his mask.

“Thanks to my senior dying, I inherited this void disposal container.”

“Senior…”

“That foolish senior who normally acted so high and mighty, only to get blown up by you on that planet conoliaztion map.”

The senior he referred to was likely the Ancient Elf who died along with the Brahma.

They invited me here knowing everything already.

Realizing there was a reason the branch manager personally stepped forward, Seong Jihan stared at his half-mask.

The mask the branch manager called a void disposal container.

It also spewed out tremendous void when the Ancient Elf died.

“You call that mask a void disposal container? The other one broke though.”

“This is a trash can. You can just make another trash can.”

“Hmm…”

“Anyways, as the person in charge of the loan counter that must remain the most neutral in BattleNet - rest assured, your personal information will never be leaked.”

As if it won’t leak.

How can I trust a World Tree Elf.

Seong Jihan smiled and waved his hand.

“It’s fine since I didn’t come here for a loan anyways, I was just lured by your ad. Just give me the free gift.”

“Ah… is that so? Normally you’re supposed to fill out your personal info to receive the gift.”

Clap. Clap.

As the branch manager clapped twice, an elaborately wrapped fruit basket appeared on the desk.

“To commemorate meeting our target as well, I’ll give it to you directly using my branch manager authority.”

“You’re being nice to your target without even trying to catch me.”

“Haha. What’s the point of catching your avatar? Plus, from my personal perspective, you’re the benefactor who allowed me to inherit the void disposal container position.”

“Didn’t you say it was a trash can?”

“Yes. But being in charge of this trash can is quite a high position in our union.”

The branch manager continued smiling as he spoke.

But Seong Jihan didn’t believe his words for now.

There could be some device in that fruit basket he gave, like the fruit the administrator gave before.

‘Let’s see.’

Rip!

Seong Jihan tore open the fruit basket wrapping.

The scent of life energy wafted out from inside.

“Will you eat it here? Since we’ve met like this, shall we have some tea time together?”

“Have tea with you? We have nothing to talk about.”

“Now, now. Hear me out. There are some things I looked into regarding that other world of yours…”

“By other world, you mean Earth?”

Swish.

Two teacups appeared on the desk, steam rising from them.

“That’s right. You probably won’t believe most of what I say anyways. But you can take what’s appropriate and filter out the rest, no? That fruit. It would be a bit unsettling to eat it on your original planet too.”

“Why is that?”

“Fruit exists to spread its seeds far and wide. If you consume it on your planet, our seeds could spread there.”

The phenomenon the branch manager spoke of.

It was something Seong Jihan also experienced when he ate the seed of life the Green Administrator gave as a reward.

‘For him to bring that up… interesting.’

Knowing it won’t spread once it enters Seong Jihan’s mouth.

Did he mention it first to gain his trust?

Well, let’s hear him out.

Seong Jihan brought a piece of fruit to his mouth and nodded.

“Alright. I’ll listen.”

“Thank you. Then, since you’re busy, let’s get straight to the point.”

Tap.

As the branch manager snapped his fingers, an image of Earth appeared in the air.

* *

“Planet Earth… From what I found out, this place was a site where our union conducted experiments long ago.”

“I know that. That’s why the Ancient Elf tried to personally descend there but couldn’t.”

“Yes. Actually, such cases are very rare. The locations where experiments are conducted are all recorded. No matter how ignorant and reckless my senior was, our system basically keeps track of that much.”

The branch manager who seemed to dislike his ‘senior’ Ancient Elf.

He lightly dissed his senior and continued.

“But the fact that he didn’t know until trying to enter Earth means the experiment on Earth wasn’t registered in our system… After being humiliated, my senior returned and issued an order.”

“He arrogantly tried to descend to Earth then but had to back out.”

“Yes. He told even me, his junior, to find out what happened. Seriously. He should look into it himself. He became branch manager but still thinks I’m his lackey.”

The branch manager looked like he would endlessly diss the dead Ancient Elf if left alone.

“The dead guy is irrelevant. So what did you find out?”

“Ah, my apologies. I have a lot of pent-up frustration with my senior… Haha. Anyways, I looked into it at my senior’s order. Earth… turns out some interesting experiments were conducted there.”

“What kind of experiments?”

Crunch.

Seong Jihan asked nonchalantly while eating the fruit.

With zero trust in elves, he figured the branch manager was trying to spout more lies.

No matter what he said, Seong Jihan had little interest.

“The director of the Earth lab fused himself with the World Tree. He even mixed in data from powerful races.”

“I don’t really get what that means.”

“Well, you wouldn’t know the situation on our side. We conduct various projects across the universe, but there is one thing we must never touch. That’s the assigned World Tree. But for some reason, the lab director touched it. He fused with it.”

“And?”

“We lost contact with the Earth side, and later the union’s investigation team was dispatched there… but they only sent a message saying ‘High-level Error Occurred’ before going missing.”

“A high-level error…”

An experiment the World Tree Union conducted on Earth.

Did some error occur there?

“Are there no details about the high-level error?”

“No. The report I found had the contents deleted. Such cases are rare.”

“Hmm…”

Seong Jihan looked at the branch manager who was still smiling.

It felt like rather than being unable to say due to deletion, he was deliberately not revealing that much.

Unfazed by Seong Jihan’s gaze, the branch manager continued.

“And at the end of the report, it said ‘Ultimately resolved the error in cooperation with the Void. Failed to recover data.’”

“If it was resolved, why did data recovery fail?”

“The Void Faction probably deleted it.”

“Hmm…”

The Void was involved, huh.

Hearing that, Seong Jihan thought of Gilgamesh.

Gilgamesh who betrayed the Void.

The fact that he betrayed means he previously cooperated with or belonged to them.

Could it be related to this incident?

“So when was that error resolved?”

“The exact time isn’t specified, but it was likely quite long ago.”

“I see.”

If the elf says it was long ago, it’s probably an ancient incident.

Seong Jihan organized the information in his head.

A ‘high-level error’ that occurred due to the unusual experiment of the World Tree Elf who settled on Earth.

It was ultimately resolved through the cooperation of the World Tree Union and the Void.

‘The World Tree Union and Void don’t seem to be on good terms, but if they cooperated to that extent… it was an error worthy of being called high-level.’

Seong Jihan stared at the branch manager’s mask.

That mask the branch manager called a void disposal container, a trash can.

It compressed and stored an immense amount of void.

If guys like them temporarily joined hands with the Void, the high-level error must have been a tremendous problem.

“Anyways, perhaps because it’s related to the high-level error issue - the higher-ups didn’t register the Earth-related problem in our system. That’s why my senior was humiliated after boldly declaring he would descend to Earth.”

“I see.”

Nod.

Seong Jihan nodded and finished eating all the fruit.

The life energy accumulating in his body.

He didn’t stop there and drank the tea on the table as well.

Among the life energy building up inside him, something peculiar wriggled, but-

Zzt…

He expelled it by igniting Heavenly Tree Descending Spirit from his fingertips.

Seong Jihan, who deliberately used his old Heavenly Tree Descending Spirit instead of revealing his enemy energy.

“The energy only reacts with the tea too. Interesting.”

“What…! There was something like that?!”

The branch manager made a fuss upon seeing the green smoke rising from Seong Jihan’s fingertips.

Seeing that, Seong Jihan grinned.

He’s good at pretending to be oblivious.

“So why did you provide me with this information?”

“I simply, due to my senior’s death…”

“Right. You have no reason to tell me who killed that senior, right?”

Shik.

At Seong Jihan’s question, the branch manager only smiled without answering.

“Then, shall we proceed with the loan now? Target-nim.”

“No, I’ll be leaving after eating well.”

“Please visit again next time. I’ll prepare an even better gift then.”

“You’re planning to put bugs in me again?”

Swish.

As Seong Jihan said that and got up-

“Bugs? No, that’s just a means for us to get closer, Target-nim.”

“I’ll pass.”

Flash!

Seong Jihan immediately logged out.

“He really cleanly erased it…”

The branch manager exclaimed, looking at the green energy Seong Jihan expelled from his body.

The ‘World Tree’s Domination’ that even constellations succumbed to.

It was completed through the combination of fruit and tea.

But the lowest-tier species secretly embedded the energy and spat it out refined.

As expected of someone worthy of being called a target.

“With this, it seems we can expect more, as the higher-ups intended.”

Seeing Seong Jihan who didn’t fall under the World Tree’s domination and cleanly spat out the energy-

The smile under the branch manager’s mask only deepened.

Text 291:

[Connecting to the BattleNet Community.]

[UI automatically customized for the user.]

Ding.

As the message disappeared, a screen popped up in front of Seong Jihan.

‘It looks similar to internet forums.’

Saying it was customized for the user, the forum took on a form familiar to Seong Jihan.

[Currently accessible forum is the General Member Forum.]

Seong Jihan entered.

-NO.339 Reasons to recommend betting on the Crimson Wing Dragonkin (1)

-BattleNet should reduce fees for betting sites!

-Don’t bet on these bastards. TOP 5 species that took my GP

-Best reverse betting this week?

‘It’s all about betting.’

He entered hoping to find some helpful information.

But the new member forum was filled with nothing but betting-related posts.

Clicking on posts, it was all about which species to bet on.

Seong Jihan was about to close the useless forum that was no different from a gambling site.

But he spotted a post title that seemed to share his thoughts.

-New to the community. Why is it all about betting here? I was excited to unlock the community feature after reaching Silver League, but it’s a letdown. Scrolling through pages, it’s all betting posts; and it costs 100 million GP just to post once?

└ General forum’s always like this

└ Without the 100M GP limit, it’d be flooded with ads

└ Have to go to the official member forum only accessible to Constellation Candidates and above for decent content

└ Even that’s useless. Over half the info there is fake…

└ Still better than here. They’re all somewhat verified players there.

Clicking the post, the replies unanimously criticized the general forum.

Seong Jihan scrolled through more pages of the forum.

As the previous post said, it was filled with nothing but betting-related content.

‘Nothing useful here. I’ll have to become a Constellation Candidate and access the official forum.’

Seong Jihan was about to close the community feature, but spotted a magnifying glass button at the top of the forum.

Before closing, let’s try a search.

[Use search function?]

[100,000 GP will be consumed.]

‘They charge for searching too.’

Charging GP just to use the forums.

Thinking BattleNet was vicious, Seong Jihan still activated the search function.

‘My identity is hidden due to membership rights, so my name won’t appear.’

Seong Jihan pondered what to search for, then searched for NO.4212 Humanity.

Unlike other posts, only one result came up.

-Most notable Bronze League candidate this year.

New leagues are always filled with variables causing unexpected outcomes, and this is where big hits often emerge.

Especially the Bronze League with only newbies has wildly fluctuating odds.

Among the newly opened Bronze Leagues this time, there’s one with 5 World Tree Elf teams.

Many players thought this wasn’t even worth analyzing…

Surprisingly, the lowest tier species NO.4212 Humanity is making strides and attracting expert attention.

Once betting on newbie leagues opens, this league and Humanity are worth watching.

Personally, I think NO.4212 will cause an upset.

I’m going to bet big on them.

└ Lots of big hits come from newbie leagues

└ But isn’t that only when World Tree Elves aren’t there? There’s 5 teams there… In the end, won’t elves take 1st-5th?

└ But those World Tree Elf bastards are still like that in Bronze?

└ Still? Seems they’ll be like that forever.

└ Why doesn’t BattleNet penalize them? We suffered a lot losing to World Tree Elves too.

└ Our Constellation-nim reported them every time but BattleNet only says they received the report.

└ The admin is in cahoots with World Tree Union. BattleNet and those bastards are all in it together

Player reactions starting with Humanity and ending with denouncing World Tree Elves.

They were lucky to get promoted since their leagues only had 1 or 2 World Tree Elf teams.

In the Bronze League Humanity belonged to, many evaluated that promotion would be impossible due to the World Tree Elves.

└ Should I still bet on the safe asset World Tree Union?

└ World Tree Union themselves bet big, so the odds are almost nothing.

└ Even 1-2% is important to take.

Still, even the players denouncing World Tree Elves, when asked where they’ll bet, most raised their hands for World Tree Elves.

No matter how much of a variable the Humanity species became, in the end they believed the vicious World Tree Elves would win.

‘When species betting opens, I should consider betting on Humanity.’

Seong Jihan thought the opposite of player sentiment and was about to close the forum.

As he pressed the X button,

[For GP loans, go to World Tree Union! Entrust an SSS-grade Gift Player and the interest rate will be greatly reduced!]

Before the forum closed, an ad popped up.

‘These bastards… They even do loans?’

Even loan sharking, World Tree Union really did it all.

And why entrust an SSS-grade Gift Player?

Seong Jihan tried to close the disgusting ad with a repulsed expression.

[Would you like to receive just one consultation?]

[Worried because of our reputation? Don’t worry! Only avatars are summoned!]

Pressing X didn’t make the message go away.

“Ah, are they crazy.”

“…Uncle? What are you looking at?”

“Ah sorry. I’m trying to close the community but ads keep popping up.”

“Yeah? BattleNet isn’t much different from us.”

“No, it’s more vicious than human sites.”

The loan ad that wouldn’t close even after pressing “No” 9 times.

Seong Jihan frowned and habitually moved his finger to No again.

[Thank you for agreeing to the consultation!]

“…What?”

A message suddenly appeared saying he agreed to the consultation.

Looking at what happened, the Yes and No buttons of the summoning message were swapped.

‘What the hell…’

As Seong Jihan was dumbfounded,

[Agreed to summoning.]

[Avatar is being summoned to ‘Loan Counter’.]

Flash!

Light burst out and the world turned inside out.

*

World Tree Union’s Loan Counter.

Outwardly, it was a peaceful forest space with lush greenery.

However.

Flash!

Those summoned inside were all beings too powerful to match the forest.

“Ah, these crazy bastards!!”

The giant crocodile-headed monster spat out curses and kicked a tree.

Crash!

Part of the forest shattered in one blow.

“Hey, what’s wrong. Calm down.”

“Calm? Do I look calm? These crazy bastards, how many times did they send that message?”

“You must be new. You don’t know the 9 right 1 left rule.”

“…What’s that?”

“If you found and pressed the 10th No that was swapped to the left, you wouldn’t have been summoned.”

“Ha, so you’re saying, these damn bastards tricked me?!”

Thump thump.

The crocodile-head’s anger seemed to rise hearing the other players’ words, causing another rampage.

‘That croc must be someone summoned like me.’

Seong Jihan was also furious when first summoned to the Loan Counter.

But seeing the crocodile-head vent anger on his behalf with a rampage, he felt a bit relieved.

No need to join and draw attention here.

Then,

A giant lying on the grass casually advised the crocodile-head.

“You better stop, If you break the wrong tree, World Tree Union will demand compensation.”

“Compensation? They forcefully bring me and demand compensation?”

“The world’s like that, what can you do. You’ll be dying to come here later, so no need to make a bad impression.”

“…Why would anyone want to come here?”

“The fruits are delicious.”

The crocodile monster looked at the giant with dumbfounded eyes.

Come to this damn place because the fruits are delicious?

"Are you, a dog of World Tree Union? Talking nonsense

“I wish I was their dog. Then I could keep eating the fruits.”

“Ha.”

As the crocodile-head turned to the giant and tried to break another tree,

Tap. Tap.

“Welcome. Dear customer.”

Behind the crocodile monster, an elf wearing a half-mask appeared without a sound.

‘That. The mask of the ancient elf from before…’

The man was wearing a mask similar to the ancient elf that mutually perished with Brahma.

But besides the mask, his appearance was very different.

Compared to the stiff impression of the previous ancient elf, this male elf continuously smiled.

“You bastard…! Are you in charge? Summoning me here with that ad… Send me back right now!”

As the crocodile-head shouted angrily, the elf deeply bowed his head.

“I apologize. I also agree that such an ad method is too malicious. But as a low-level employee, I must follow the decisions from above… Please understand just this once.”

“Understand? Forget it, send me back to the original world now!”

“Are you sure you don’t want a consultation? Just receiving a consultation will grant you many free gifts.”

“Free gifts my ass. You scammers. Not sending me back now?”

The crocodile-head didn’t fall for the free gifts.

The half-masked elf smiled at those words and snapped his fingers.

“I understand. Then please leave.”

Snap!

The crocodile-head’s body instantly disappeared.

‘For summoning with that ad method, they let him go without hesitation.’

Seong Jihan saw that and considered leaving too.

“Tsk tsk. Poor guy.”

“Coming all the way here, should’ve at least gotten the free gifts once.”

“Guess the general member forum doesn’t have much about the gifts?”

“That place only talks about betting.”

Hearing the other players chatting with each other, he became curious about what these ‘free gifts’ were.

Each one of them seemed highly skilled at a glance.

It was peculiar that they, who could reign supreme in their own worlds, were hung up on free gifts.

‘Let’s see what the free gifts are.’

Seong Jihan fully suppressed his initial anger from being summoned.

With calm eyes, he observed the situation unfold.

“Now then, since many have come, let’s proceed with the loan consultation. But first, let’s have an appetizer.”

Clap! Clap!

As the male elf clapped, elves that looked exactly the same gradually appeared from the forest.

Holding giant glowing green grapes on large trays.

“Oh. It’s here!”

“Grapes today!”

“Will the stats increase this time?”

“How many times have you eaten them?”

“This will be the 7th.”

The giant got up at the sight of the fruits.

A huge bird descended from the sky.

A three-headed snake wriggled out from the ground.

All top-tier players drooling at the sight of grapes, eager to eat them.

‘Eating that raises stats…’

As Seong Jihan heard that and quietly waited,

“Dear customer.”

An elf approached Seong Jihan with a smile and presented a tray holding giant grapes.

“Please eat first, then proceed with the loan consultation with us.”

“Is this the free gift?”

“No. The free gifts are separate.”

“Hmm.”

For the annoying ad, this isn’t bad.

Seong Jihan plucked a grape the size of his head.

Then, the grape shrank to a size that fit him.

‘Doesn’t seem poisoned.’

Seong Jihan popped the grape into his mouth.

Then, as the giant said, no, an even more heavenly taste spread as the grape melted in his mouth.

‘Delicious. There was a reason to wait for the fruits.’

It tasted good, but there were no signs of stats increasing.

Seong Jihan, without lowering his guard, kept putting grapes in his mouth.

After finishing all the grapes on the tray he was given,

‘Hoo…’

The life energy stored in his body slightly increased.

Although the amount was minuscule, it rose just from eating fruits like this.

‘If there are no issues, I should come often.’

Feeling positively about the Loan Counter for the first time,

“You finished eating. Shall we start the consultation now?”

The elf holding the tray next to him asked with a smile.

Yeah. Since I’m here, let’s get the free gifts too.

As Seong Jihan was about to nod,

“Ah. Wait a moment.”

The masked elf approached him with a smile.

“I will handle this customer.”


Next, here is the current text to translate:

<2레벨로 회귀한 무신 293화>
3일 후, 세계수 연합의 대출창구.
“안녕.”
“……또 오셨습니까.”
성지한은 저번처럼 게시판의 팝업 광고를 누르며, 3일 연속 대출창구에 출퇴근을 하고 있었다.
성지한이 손을 흔드는 걸 보자, 대출창구의 엘프가 질린 표정으로 그를 맞이했다.
“본부장님께서 다음에 또 놀러 오시라고 말씀은 하셨다지만…… 이렇게 자주 오실 줄은 몰랐군요.”
“아직 게임 시작을 안 해서. 과일 먹으러 왔어.”
5월 말에 열렸던 승급전을 통해 마스터 리그로 올라간 성지한.
6월이 되기까지는, 마스터 리그에 올랐다고 한들 게임 실행을 하지 못했으니,
성지한은 이 공백 기간 동안, 대출창구에 빠짐없이 들렸다.
‘생명의 기운이 상당히 늘었단 말이지.’
비록 상태창에 스탯으로 포함되지는 않았지만.
성지한의 체내에 세계수 연합이 지닌 생명의 기운은 분명히 존재했다.
그리고 그 기운은, 여기 대출창구에서 상담할 때마다 대접해 주는 과일을 먹을 때마다 크게 늘었다.
하나.
“죄송하지만, 본부장님께서 계속 자리를 비우고 계셔서 더 이상의 사은품을 드리는 것은 불가능합니다.”
본부장의 부하 직원인 엘프는, 성지한에게 딱딱한 어조로 더는 안 된다고 통보했다.
“자주 오라는 건 그쪽이었는데. 3일 만에 사은품을 안 주나? 세계수 엘프의 배포가 생각보다 좁군그래.”
“인적 사항도 적지 않은 플레이어에게 연속으로 사은품을 드리는 것 자체가 권한 밖의 행위입니다. 혹시나 손님께서 인적사항을 적어 주신다면 모르겠습니다만.”
“그건 됐고.”
과일바구니가 생명의 기운을 많이 올려 줬다곤 하지만, 그렇다고 세계수 연합에게 인적 사항을 공개할 수는 없는 노릇.
성지한이 그 제안을 거절하자, 엘프는 그럴 줄 알았다는 듯 고개를 끄덕였다.
“그렇다면, 사은품 지급은 본부장님께서 돌아오시기 전까지는 불가능합니다.”
“언제 오는데?”
“대출창구는 이곳만 운영되는 것이 아닙니다. 본부장님께서 맡으신 구역은 수십 곳이 넘기 때문에, 언제 돌아오실지는 저도 모릅니다.”
엘프의 말이 사실이면, 저번에 만난 거 자체가 우연의 일치였던 건가.
‘어쩔 수 없군.’
편하게 생명의 기운을 좀 올리나 싶더니.
역시나 꼼수로 계속 성장하는 건 불가능한가.
“저놈…… 인적사항도 안 적고 사은품을 받아 왔어?”
“세계수의 과육을 그냥 받아먹다니. 뭐 하는 놈이야?”
“허. 우리한텐 한 달 이자로 100억 GP 이상 낼 때만 랜덤으로 주면서……!”
“나도 한 번 더 줘라!”
한편.
대출창구에서 대기하고 있던 플레이어들은, 성지한과 엘프의 대화를 듣더니 불만을 토해 냈다.
처음 대출 상담받을 때 사은품으로 주고.
그다음부터는 이자로 한 달에 100억 GP 이상 내야지 어쩌다 랜덤으로 주는 세계수의 과육.
돈 내고 사 먹고 싶어도, 세계수 연합은 이걸 절대로 팔지 않았기에.
몇몇 플레이어들은 GP가 충분함에도 불구하고 세계수의 과육을 먹기 위해 일부러 대출을 유지하곤 했다.
한데 저 쪼그만 종족은 벌써 몇 번이고 공짜로 과육을 먹은 거야?
“보다시피, 기존 고객분들의 불만도 심한 상황입니다. 이런 상황이라 본부장님의 허락 없이는 더 이상의 사은품 지급이 불가능합니다.”
성지한은 흉흉한 눈으로 자신을 바라보는 플레이어들을 바라보았다.
거대 종족들이 과육 하나에 눈이 돌아가서, 일제히 자신을 노려보는 상황.
‘과육과 차에 섞여 있던 기운에 물들면, 저렇게들 변하나 보군.’
다들 겉으로만 보면 상당한 강자.
저 정도면 어떤 종족 출신이든, 자신의 세계에서 한 가닥 하는 플레이어들인데.
세계수 과육 배분 가지고, 격에 맞지 않게 눈이 시뻘게진 채 흥분하며 과몰입하고 있었다.
기운의 지배를 받아, 과육에 중독이 된 건가.
“그래요. 수고들 하시죠.”
성지한은 피식 웃으며 한마디를 해 주곤, 로그아웃했다.
번쩍!
‘6월 1일이 거의 다 됐군. 확실히 거긴, 시간의 흐름이 이상해.’
대출창구 공간에서의 시간의 흐름은 묘해서.
어떤 때는 지구에서보다 빠르고, 또 어떤 때는 지구에서보다 느렸다.
지금은 5월 31일 오후 11시 반으로, 30분 정도의 여유가 남은 상황.
‘얼굴이나 비춰야겠군.’
성지한은 방 밖을 나섰다.
그러자.
“오. 왔나, 처남.”
짐을 잔뜩 싼 채, 캐리어를 끌고 있는 윤세진을 마주할 수 있었다.
“매형, 어디 가십니까?”
“아, 성좌 퀘스트를 받았네. 당분간 국내를 돌며 성좌께서 말씀하신 물건을 탐색할 것 같아. 그동안 세아를 부탁하네.”
“국내에요?”
“응.”
성지한은 고개를 갸웃했다.
윤세진의 성좌는, ‘태초의 왕’ 길가메시.
그가 왜 한반도를 탐색하라고 시켰는지, 잘 이해가 가지는 않았다.
“찾는 게 대략 어떤 물건입니까?”
“나도 자세히는 모르겠어. 메시지창에서 유물이라고만 말씀하셔서…….”
한반도의 유물인가.
길가메시, 무슨 꿍꿍인지 모르겠군.
성지한은 다급해 보이는 윤세진을 보며, 일단은 고개를 끄덕였다.
“알겠습니다. 다녀오세요, 매형.”
“고맙네.”
“아빠, 잘 다녀와~”
“응, 세아야. 삼촌 말 잘 듣고 있어.”
“삼촌이 집에 있어야 말을 듣죠.”
드르르륵.
성지한과 윤세아에게 손을 흔든 윤세진은, 얼른 발걸음을 재촉해 현관 쪽으로 사라졌다.
야밤중에, 뭐 저렇게 급한 거야.
“날 밝을 때 가시지.”
“그러게. 밤 운전 위험한데. 뭐, 아빠라면 차 사고 나도 끄떡없겠지만…….”
“음…… 누나 문제 외로 저렇게 서두르시는 모습은 처음 보네.”
“최근 태초의 왕에게 후원받는 사람이 점점 늘어나서 그런 건가?”
“그래?”
“응, 벌써 수백 명이 인증했어.”
“……수백 명이나?”
“응. 그것도 다 탑플레이어 위주로. 요즘은 태초의 왕에게 후원 제안 못 받으면 가능성 없는 플레이어 아니냔 이야기도 나와.”
무신이 사라지고, 대신 등장한 길가메시.
그는 상당히 공격적으로 성좌 후원을 하고 있었다.
저번 생에서는 길가메시가 깨어난 적이 없었는지, 일어나지 않았던 현상.
‘그가 매형한테 강림하면 물어볼 것이 있었는데 아쉽게 되었군.’
공허에게는 배신자로 찍힌 길가메시.
그리고, 세계수 연합 쪽에서는 오래전, 자신들에 의해 특급 에러가 지구에서 발생했다고 알려 주었다.
공허와 협력해서 에러는 처리했지만, 데이터는 회수하지 못했다는 기록만 남긴 채.
성지한은 이 일이 길가메시와 무언가 연관이 있을 거라고 추측했다.
‘내 주적은 결국 무신. 그는 아직 적인지 아군인지 확실치 않아. 정보를 더 모으기 전에는 아직 적대시할 필요는 없겠지.’
방랑하는 무신과는 결국 무혼을 두고 싸워야 하는 운명이지만.
길가메시는 아직 확실히 뭐라고 규명하기에는 애매했다.
그 자체는 무슨 꿍꿍이인지 몰라도 성지한에게 호의적이었으니까.
물론 공허 측의 말대로, 인류가 초대장을 받는 원인이 길가메시라면.
언젠가는 그 ‘원인’을 제거해야겠지만…….
‘지금은 시기상조다.’
현 상황에서 그를 적대시할 수는 없었다.
길가메시가 성지한에게 보이는 호의 속에, 무슨 속셈이 들어 있든.
지금 성지한으로서는 일단 이걸 받아야 했다.
‘아직도 성장이 부족하군.’
인류 랭킹 1위에, 최초로 마스터 리그에 들어서고.
스페이스 아레나의 루키로 선정되기까지 한 성지한이었지만.
그럼에도 아직 그가 대적할 적은 강력하기 짝이 없었다.
이제 승급해서 레벨 제한도 풀렸으니, 다시 레벨 업을 달려야겠다고 생각한 성지한은.
“오, 삼촌. 12시 됐다.”
“좋아, 간다.”
윤세아가 시간을 알려 주자마자, 바로 게임에 접속했다.
* *
[마스터 리그, 스페이스-4 에어리어에 배정됩니다.]
[스페이스-4 에어리어의 상위 1퍼센트 플레이어입니다.]
[특수 미션을 통해, 스페이스-3 에어리어로 올라갈 수 있습니다.]
[특수 미션에 도전하시겠습니까?]
스페이스-4 에어리어.
평가기준 상위 0.001퍼센트의 플레이어만 들어갈 수 있는 이 구역도, 성지한에겐 장애물이 되지 못했다.
매 게임 1등을 하면서, 에어리어를 평정한 그에게.
배틀넷은 마스터 리그에 올라온 김에 한 등급 더 높은 곳으로 가라고 제안하고 있었다.
‘이건 해야겠군.’
에어리어가 올라가면 기본적으로 주어지는 경험치도 많으니.
성장이 시급한 성지한에겐, 안 받을 수 없는 조건이었다.
그가 예를 누르자.
[플레이어가 스페셜 디펜스 맵, ‘북벽’에 배정됩니다.]
그에게 스페셜 맵 ‘북벽’이 배정되었다.
[거대한 벽 너머, 미지의 존재가 침공해 옵니다.]
[10일간의 전투에서, 방어 실적 상위 50퍼센트에 올라서세요.]
스페셜 맵치고는 디펜스 맵 본연에 맞게 방어하는 것 같은 북벽 맵.
하지만 실적 상위 50퍼센트라는 걸 보니 분명 다른 플레이어랑 경쟁하는 종류일 테고.
‘일반 맵도 서로 충돌하는 경우가 잦은데, 스페셜 맵인 이상 더 그걸 장려하겠지.’
디펜스해야 할 건, 미지의 존재뿐만이 아니라 같은 플레이어들일지도 모른다.
성지한이 자세한 맵 설명을 보려고 할 때.
[길드를 소유한 플레이어입니다.]
[길드 미션으로 도전이 가능합니다.]
[길드 미션으로 ‘북벽’을 도전하시겠습니까?]
[길드 미션으로 도전 시 길드에 보상이 추가되며, 소속 길드원 전체에게 추가 보상이 주어집니다.]
추가적으로 선택할 수 있는 옵션이 튀어나왔다.
‘길드 미션이라.’
성지한의 대기 길드.
몇몇 길드원을 제외하곤, 세계 랭커들이 성장을 위해 임대 와 있는 육성 길드였다.
이들과 성지한은 어디까지나 거래 관계니, 굳이 길드 미션을 해서 이들에게 보상을 안겨 줄 의리는 없었지만.
‘길드 자체 보너스도 있고, 랭커들 수준이 아직 많이 뒤처져 있으니…… 이걸 보완하는 의미에서는 할 만하겠군.’
성지한이 없자, 조인족에게도 패배했던 인류 플레이어.
그에게 인류 랭커의 수준은 또 하나의 숙제였다.
이렇게 길드 미션으로 끌어 주면, 그나마 좀 낫겠지.
‘개인 미션보다 길드 미션이 난이도는 훨씬 높겠지만…….’
성지한의 대기 길드는 성장만을 위해 모인, 제대로 합도 맞춰 보지 않은 플레이어들.
다른 세계의 길드에 비하면, 실력적으로 훨씬 뒤처질 게 분명했다.
어쩌면 상위 50퍼센트에 들기 힘들 수도 있겠지.
하지만, 성지한은 길드 보상을 위해 이를 감수하기로 했다.
‘그래도 이 보상, 길드원에게 공짜로 줄 수는 없다.’
길드원 보상으로 뭐가 주어질지는 모르지만, 에어리어 3으로 올라가면서 주는 것이니만큼 좋은 게 나오겠지.
요즘 GP의 사용처가 늘어난 성지한은, 이번 기회에 GP를 더 끌어모으기로 했다.
“하연 씨 자려나?”
“지금 안 잘걸? 조금 전에 우리 집에서 운동하다 갔거든. 언니 아마 삼촌 마스터 리그 경기 기다리고 있을 거야. 근데 왜?”
“길드 미션이 나왔는데, 이야기할 게 있어서.”
“길드 미션…… 그런 것도 있어?”
윤세아는 흥미롭다는 듯 눈을 반짝였다.
“이번에 받았어. 에어리어 3으로 올라가는 미션으로.”
“아니 삼촌 벌써 스페이스 3으로 또 올라가? 아, 하긴…… 스페이스 4도 휩쓸어 버렸으니.”
혼자 물어보고 혼자 납득하는 윤세아.
“그리고 길드 미션 보상으로 길드원에게도 주어지는 게 있는데. 이걸 그냥 주긴 아쉽지.”
“물론이지! 삼촌이 진행하는 미션의 보상을 받을 수 있다면, 다들 GP를 얼마든지 내려고 할걸?”
“그래. 가격 상담 좀 해야겠다.”
성지한은 바로 핸드폰을 들었다.
[아, 오너님. 이 시간에 무슨 일이세요? 아…… 길드 미션? 정말요? 저 바로 올라가 볼게요!]
그렇게 밤늦게 모인, 대기 길드의 수뇌부.
“정확한 보상 내용은 안 나왔지만, 오너님 미션의 보상이니 상당하겠죠. GP를 아주 비싸게 측정해도 되겠어요. 일단 미니멈으로 이 가격을…….”
“……너무 비싼 거 아닙니까?”
“아니에요. 오너님 미션의 보상인데. 이 정도면 싼 편이죠. 여기에 보상에 따른 추가 GP 지불 옵션까지 넣으면…….”
새벽까지 토의해서 가격을 정하고, 세계의 각 길드에게 이를 통보하자.
다음 날 아침.
세계 각지의 뉴스 1면은, 성지한이 받은 길드 미션 내용이 장식했다.


Your task is to translate the current text in a way that maintains consistency with the style,
terminology and meaning conveyed in the previous translations. The translation should flow naturally
from the context, as if it is a continuation of the same work.

At the same time, take care to translate the current text precisely as written, without changing the
meaning. The goal is an exact translation of the current text that nonetheless fits consistently
within the larger context.